# CS-305_SoftwareSecurity_James_Porter
**Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?**<br />
Artemis Financial is a financial company looking to help individuals with their retirement and investment options. Living in the 21st century, it is necessary for them to modernize and look for potential vulnerabilities that have come up since the initial software design. Dealing with very private information that shouldn't be shared with others, they wanted to add layers of security to make sure that people’s private information is considered secure.<br />
**What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?**<br />
I feel like I did well in identifying the vulnerabilities of the software and some of the details about these vulnerabilities. I feel like I struggled with the manual review. In my identification of concerns in this section I feel like I did good with finding the basic ones, but still feel like I am missing some of the vulnerabilities. I also think that my mitigation plan is a little flimsy and could be made more firm with a better plan moving forward. I think this issue stems from the manual review of the code.<br />
**What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?**<br />
In my opinion, the manual review section of the vulnerability assessment the hardest part but can be very helpful in identifying major flaws. It is only after this initial review that we start running dependency checks and that is just a small portion of the assessment. I also think this dependency check is very important to double check to make sure that there aren't new vulnerabilities introduced into a code base.<br />
**How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?**<br />
It is important to first start with the very basic and review what the client needs and see what security concerns should be focused on. Next reviewing the code is important to make sure that you go through the current base and make sure it is as secure as you can make it. From there we can run security checks (such as the dependency check) to make sure that there aren't any new vulnerabilities. This is where we stopped in this project, but from here if more layers of security need to be added (encryption, security keys, etc..) they can be added. After the code base has been refactored for the last time, it would be important to make sure that you didn't introduce any new vulnerabilities and maybe run one last dependency check.<br />
**How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?**<br />
In this assignment I don't think I reran a dependency check after making my last changes to the code, however this would be an important step to make sure that you do not add new vulnerabilities to the application. This is an important step that should be taken every time you complete or make changes to a project to ensure that you don't have any new vulnerabilities introduced to software.<br />
**Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?**<br />
This assignment shows how I have completed the initial review of software security and to create a security mitigation plan for the future. This assignment also show that I am capable of completing an initial review of the code base and a dependency check for potential vulnerabilities.<br />
